Follower terminology in the docs (#5067)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/index.rst

If it doesn't, just open that link in a web browser.
(Depending on your firewall settings, you may be asked whether to allow the app to receive network connections. It is safe to accept.)

You should now see the login page for the social network. sFor simplicity of this app, there is no password or sign-up required.   
First enter your name and click *Log in*.
You should see the main screen with two panels for the users you are following and the entire network.
Initially these are both empty as you are not following anyone and you don't have any followers!
Go ahead and start following users by typing their usernames in the text box and clicking on the *Follow* button in the top panel.

You'll notice that the users you just started following appear in the *Following* panel.
However they do *not* yet appear in the *Network* panel.

> This is either because 1. they have not signed up and are not parties on the ledger, and 2. they have not yet started follwiong you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is either because they have not signed up and are not parties on the ledger or they have not yet started followiong you.
```
